there are girls all good listener and today is
where it dispatches a day for you
Take care of yourself
I really hope you like it then.
come on
It's bath time, I'll start washing.
my hair with shampoo just will not go
pass conditioner to stay a
deeper retraction of my hair
I will use the cleaning gel to be able to
clean my face and I'm going too
exfoliate in the shower had to go
I'm going to use this creamy soap from the native
sword apothecary which is a delight I
I love it and this body oil also
apothecary that is super-smelling and leaves
well treated skin never start in
hair I'll untangle qo much
careful because I did not pass
conditioning or anything, so I'm going
take care with care who is staying
much harder to land
when you do not get conditioned into a
kind of cream so embarrassing well with
caution
I will use a moisturizing mask to
To be able to treat my hair I am
using this bar - but it can be
Any one you have at home, I
I love this one it's very consistent looking
put the hand inside the cream do as
I did, just take it out for you not to change the
ph of your cream and I 'll apply
mexico mecha in health walked to stay
a deeper retraction
it is very important you massage is
When you're moisturizing, I do not know.
why but it seems that hydration is
deeper in your hair than you
pass a cream so I always massage
When will I hire the
score gives a very different result
then massage well I always like to
come and brush with the brush and so help
also to massage the
Hair then I 'll learn the pain
make a coke even normal and attach
with a piranha in letting the hair there
I will not even wear the cap for 20 minutes.
because mine disappeared was not stopped then
You do not even need to look at my lips with honey.
and sugar
I love choosing lips
I love the man in the same one after looking at himself
it's just a lip moisturizer and if the
give Libya I love to try to climb
now let's face take care of our
skin
I'll start by applying this mask
facial daniel which is a mask of
clay, right?
and I'm going through all my face
seek a horror
at this moment but everything okay for
stay her
then if I spend 20 minutes I rinse
my hair takes off the face mask
I want to be able to embarrass my hair.
This little book from the mine bar I go
untangle
and now I'm going to tone up my skin
I'm using this topic from America is
which I love
in review of mary kay products
skin there on the blog I leave here below
for you and I will moisturize my skin
with the mary kay moisturizer also
I love him very much, he 's super good, I'll use
this rascal of apothecary already left that is
a delight
I'm going to treat my body
and now I'm using these products
which are very good also from mary kay
they are wonderful simply very good and
start applying a cream is an environment
for here is getting a bigger hydration in the
my skin absolves into hydration
with him users went before to the hands
you did not have product either
You can use honey and sugar as I did to
use on the lips that will also give the
Same beautiful result is good even for
not be in the row and then
rinse I apply moisturizer all over
my hand to stay well soft moisturized
and now I'm going to repeat those same steps
at my feet
this production for the hands but can be
used on the feet also gives supercerto
You can do the two together from there.
already hydrates hands was the hand and the foot all
together but I preferred to do
show you I saw and it treats
my little feet
The girl leaves, I just hope that you guys
You liked this video, it was super
quickly
do not forget to sign up for the channel
down here gives a jewel to help in the
video posting
this video actually 1min sarney in a
day to get you out if you
better care for one big kiss for you and
until the next videos, bye